OSDOCS#16418_rosa_osd:CQA fixes for Building applications_rosa_osd specific (#116999)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-adding-health-checks.adoc

Reviewer: this piece is not rendering properly in the preview:

<img width="953" height="651" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ccf3cc3-08bf-4b4b-8ca3-520091c53451" />

Author: Great spot Jesse 👍 I've fixed it up and it looks good in my local preview, so pushing to the PR now.

.Procedure
. In the *Topology* view, click the application node to see the side panel. If the container does not have health checks added, a *Health Checks* notification is displayed with a link to add health checks.

> . In the displayed notification, click the *Add Health Checks* link. You can also click the *Actions* list and select *Add Health Checks*. If the container already has health checks, you see the *Edit Health Checks* option instead of the add option.

Reviewer 2: optional. CQAs don't want us using too many actions in one step. maybe something like: 

```suggestion
. In the displayed notification, click *Add Health Checks* by using one of the following methods:
+
* Click the *Add Health Checks* link in the notification.
* Click the *Actions* list and select *Add Health Checks*.
+
If the container already has health checks, you see the *Edit Health Checks* option instead of the add option.
```

I don't consider this a blocker though!

Author: Thanks for this Jake, I've implemented it now. It looked good in my local preview, so pushing to the PR now 👍
